Jody stuff

Global thing:
    recognizing where we're at: beginning of week 7.            4 weaks as a team.

    something about 12 hours a week.
    Should have done 48 person hours (per person)
    
    200 person hours per team?
        A lot of it could have been team building or figuring out what the heck we are doing hours.
        What are our teams able to accomplish starting from 0.
    
    We should be getting better at estimating and figuring out what realistic expectations are.
    As we go through more iterations we should be getting better at estimating and even producing.
    
    "Working Agile" -> expected to be changing process.
    
    
    Have not published date for discussion of book. Likely week 9 or 10.
    
    "HOLY CRAP IT'S WEEK 7" *Waves arms*
    
Recognize person hours and expected person hours
    About being able to note only contribute but get a metric on contributions.
    Difference between story point and person hours. -> person hours vary by person. person_hours(person) := RandomInt()
    
    
    
In (non)unique situation of being in a university course and doing software engineering.
Typically in a company or some other organization while doing sw engineering.
    It can get confusing for all of us to know what we are doing. (Lol.)
    
    Not always rewarded for producing product???
    
    We are presumably gaining experience with agile.( :thinking:)
    
    Should be applying agile principles to develop software.
    
    "This course is wacko, a weird course we get it."
    
    What some groups were doing:
        - Trying to apply sw development methodology to this course's objectives. Not applicable really.
        
        - Course: Demonstration and learning => diploma.
        
    Have separated people that care about the product from people who care about the learning.
    Confusion:
        When talking about user stories:
            - All stakeholders should be represented
            - Should reflect all stakeholders and be about the product.
            - Many groups had presentation with presentation x being a user story in the product backlog.
                - Presentation is NOT A USER STORY: It's overhead, nothing to do with the product.
                
    When planning a product oriented sprint:
        - Things that are just part of the process or the environment are not part of the product backlog.
                Not about developing the software per se, just about enabling us to develop it.
        
        
Took 20 mins.
"These are the points I had to talk to each of 5 teams this morning"
Thinks he has contributed to this
User stories should reflect all stakeholders needs, but have to be about the product.

